Update prerequisites.md (#859)
ColoredCow/portal: docs/prerequisites.md

1. XAMPP
    - If you prefer using XAMPP, you can download the full stack with right PHP version from [this link](https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html)
    - If you already have XAMPP installed, refer [this link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45790160/is-there-way-to-use-two-php-versions-in-xampp) for switching to the correct PHP version.
2. WAMP
    - If you prefer using WAMP, you can download from [this link](https://www.wampserver.com/en/download-wampserver-64bits)
    Possible error that may arise - (enable the openSSL extension in your php.ini)
    To solve this issue - 

>     -Edit the system environment variables and set the path of your selected php version.

Reviewer: please add the steps for this also. Or a link to an article that you followed in your case.

>     Possible error that may arise - (enable the openSSL extension in your php.ini)
>     To solve this issue - 
>     -Edit the system environment variables and set the path of your selected php version.
>     -In php.ini, uncomment the ";extension=openssl" by removing ";" before it and then restart the apache services.
>     - Command to run, composer update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A possible error that may arise with openSSL extension. It should be enabled from your `php.ini` file. To enable it, use the following steps:
    - Edit the system environment variables and set the path of your selected PHP version.
    - In `php.ini`, uncomment the ";extension=openssl" by removing ";" before it and then restart the apache services.
    - Run this command:
       ```sh
       composer update
       ```
```

Author: I have made the requested changes. Thank you.

> 

Reviewer: Some questions @RohitDhingra27 : 
1. Which directory should composer update need to run?
2. You said there was issue with VSCode also. Do you think that should also be mentioned?
3. Don't you need to restart WAMP after updating `php.ini` file? If yes, please mention that as well.

Reviewer 2: @RohitDhingra27 , Could you answer these questions ? currently, it's not clear whether you worked on these feedbacks or not.

Author: I added these things while updating the pre-requisites and mentioned about this within the additional comment box.

1. XAMPP
    - If you prefer using XAMPP, you can download the full stack with right PHP version from [this link](https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html)
    - If you already have XAMPP installed, refer [this link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45790160/is-there-way-to-use-two-php-versions-in-xampp) for switching to the correct PHP version.
2. WAMP
    - If you prefer using WAMP, you can download from [this link](https://www.wampserver.com/en/download-wampserver-64bits)
   A possible error that may arise with openSSL extension. It should be enaled from your 'php.ini' file. To enable it, use the following steps:
   - Edit the system environment variables and set the path of your selected PHP version.
   - In 'php.ini', uncomment the ";extension=openSSL" by removing ";" before it.

>    - The WAMP users have to right click on the server icon in the toolbar, and choose ‘Restart all services’ after making changes to the 'php.ini' file.

Reviewer 2: @RohitDhingra27, Do you think we should also mention restarting Apache for XAMPP users, in case if they face any issues?

Author: Yes, so we should mention about it inside the XAMPP section. But I was not sure since I am working on WAMP.

1. XAMPP
    - If you prefer using XAMPP, you can download the full stack with right PHP version from [this link](https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html)
    - If you already have XAMPP installed, refer [this link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45790160/is-there-way-to-use-two-php-versions-in-xampp) for switching to the correct PHP version.
    - If user face any issues or make any changes in the project, should restart the Apache services.
2. WAMP
    - If you prefer using WAMP, you can download from [this link](https://www.wampserver.com/en/download-wampserver-64bits).
   A possible error that may arise with openSSL extension. It should be enabled from your 'php.ini' file. To enable it, use the following steps:
   - Edit the system environment variables and set the path of your selected PHP version.
   - In 'php.ini', uncomment the ";extension=openSSL" by removing ";" before it.
   - The WAMP users have to right click on the server icon in the toolbar, and choose ‘Restart all services’ after making changes to the 'php.ini' file.

>    - Run this command in the top-most directory of your project:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Run this command in the root directory of your project:
```

1. XAMPP
    - If you prefer using XAMPP, you can download the full stack with right PHP version from [this link](https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html)
    - If you already have XAMPP installed, refer [this link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45790160/is-there-way-to-use-two-php-versions-in-xampp) for switching to the correct PHP version.
2. WAMP

>     - If you prefer using WAMP, you can download from [this link](https://www.wampserver.com/en/download-wampserver-64bits)

Reviewer: you faced issues while setting up WAMP. Please add what commands you ran and what errors you saw.

This doesn't ensure a new person installing the project will be able to comfortably resolve the issues you faced. Documentation is always for new people, so please make sure someone else shouldn't struggle as same as you did in WAMP.
